

[Produced by Young Chop; co-production by Kanye West, Noah Goldstein, and The Twilite Tone]

[Introduction: Pusha T]
Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make-believe, rappin' about my own life
Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write
'Cause my niggas still sellin' dope
Like they ain't on their third strikes
Campin' out in that corridor, fuck you waitin' on Jordans for?
I middle-man it for twenty-three
Just meet me somewhere 'round Baltimore
(Woo!) That's rare, nigga (Woo!) Ric Flair, nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair, nigga
(Woo!) I give this beat the chair, nigga

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes: trifecta
Dope money, hope money, Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit, ungrateful niggas I don't like—rrrah!

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
(This Chicago, nigga!)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
A smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound: that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin' like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I'd never hit a woman, never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eatin' good: vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissin' girls ‘cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on, then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hangin' out the window: it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man, that nigga nice
Shoutout to L.E.P., Jay Boogie, right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Don't like (like) don't like (like)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
(Young Chop on the beat)

[Verse 3: Chief Keef]
Fake Gucci, that's that shit that I don't like
Smokin' on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe
Screamin', "Sosa, that's that nigga that I like!"
I don't want relations, I just want one night
‘Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like
I got tats up on my arm ‘cause this shit is life
And I stunt so much in clothes ‘cause I'm livin' life
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealin' light
Bitch, I'm high off life, got me feelin' right (300)
Bitch, I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like!
An-an-and bitch, we GBE, we just go on sight

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

[Verse 4: Big Sean]
Chief Keef, Chi-Town, D-Town, you know?
Whoa, we are not one and the same
Nigga, I'm fuckin' insane, fuck is you sayin'?
Yo' ass been doin' the same
Shit, not doin' what you sayin', dang
I told yo' old bitch she was fuckin' a lame
Turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holdin' that pain
I just hope you been prayin'—bang bang!
Ridin' for my niggas and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlives
And I run this bitch like it's no lights
Goin' hard the whole night 'cause I ain't goin' back to my old life
I promise

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang!)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang!)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang!)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

[Verse 5: Jadakiss]
HEEEEH!
I done sold purp, I done sold white
Runnin' outta work, that's that shit I don't like
She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice
She blowin' up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em, just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother thirty for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas!

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

